everyone
I call upon all of you in the name of the Long family
Get rid of this person who has committed contempt of authority
He's talking nonsense here.
How about we punish him for the crime of tongues?
OK
Today is the old age set by the Dragon Tiger Clan
A woman who doesn't know what to do
Spread the flag here
Also to the dragon race endless
I agree with Mrs. Kam
Execution of a business trek
That's right, the emperor protects the country
We can't chill the Emperor
I Haicheng Li Family Reconsideration
Out of its tongue-pulling trip
My Haicheng Wang family, don't be considered abandoned righteousness
Attend Attend Attend Attend Attend
attend attend attend
Are you crazy?
You're not that kind of person at all
Now you know you're afraid
slowly
Fortunately, you have already cut off the mother-daughter relationship with him
Recognized Mrs. Jing as a godmother
Governor Dragon
I will definitely look at Mrs. Jing's face
Forgive you
Otherwise, you will definitely be dragged down by them
Master, I said, why are you doing this?
But now I can't plead for you anymore
Otherwise, it will provoke my godmother
Governor Dragon will not let you go
You still have a minute
how
You don't think anyone can save you by now, do you?
I'll tell you what.
My brother is Long Yanshi
I am the sky of the sea city
I want you to live to the third watch.
Can't live to five more
Drag me out quickly
two
Five stop
Something that doesn't know what to do with one punch